# Why This Branch Exists

I use the `bright` variant of Zenbones in Neovim. I want my `kitty`
configuration to be consistent, but the
[original/repository](https://github.com/mcchrish/zenbones.nvim) does not
include a `kitty` configuration for the `bright` variant. This branch supports
building `kitty` configuration files for the `bright` variant, as well as the
`dim`, `stark`, and `warm` variants.

## How To Use This Branch

The configurations that are generated by this repository are part of the
repository contents, so you can simply clone the repository and use the
configurations that are already present.

If, however, you want to generate the configurations yourself, you can do so by
running:

```sh
make
```

The `kitty` configuration that originally motivated this branch is located at
`extras/kitty/zenbones_light_bright.conf`.

## How This Branch Differs From The Original

This branch includes the following changes:

-   Add Git submodules for [Lush](https://github.com/rktjmp/lush.nvim) and
    [Shipwright](https://github.com/rktjmp/shipwright.nvim) at
    `shipwright.nvim/` and `lush.nvim/`, respectively. Shipwright is used to
    build the color schemes, and Lush is a dependency of Shipwright. (This is a
    janky way of dealing with dependencies, but it works).
-   Add the Lush and Shipwright code to the `makefile`, so they can be used by
    generation scripts.
-   Edit `lua/zenbones/shipwright/runners/kitty.lua` to generate all the
    variants.
-   Run `make` to generate all configuration.
-   Add a `.markdownlint.json` configuration to configure linting of this file.
